Ignorant and ridiculous
See clearly
This is an ice crack
Could it be that there is a second one in this world?
Sure. What does the little orange say?
Look good don't blink
This is my army
What? How?
Master Wang, what's the situation?
You boss
Mingming told me that only one arrow was successful
There is no second arrow.
Where did it come from? I did it. You did it
What are you awesome how could you make it
He must have bought it from someone else tonight
Yes!
This one alone doesn't prove anything at all
It only means that this brat is lucky
Just happened to get this one
One is luck
But 100 pieces are afraid not.
You said you have 100 pieces.
Do you know
This lost craft for thousands of years
If you have it
That would rock the antique world.
That can be filled
It's impossible to play with a sword
Just blow it
Such a complex process
No one in the world can make it
Who is it?
A broken mouth on the head is fooling around here